Once there was a father who lived with his three sons.
When the father died he left each son a gift.
He left his mill to the first son, his donkey to the next son, and his cat to the youngest son.
The youngest son said, "Puss, my brothers can earn money with their gifts. How can we earn some money?"
Puss said, "Master, get me some boots and a bag."
So the boy gave Puss some boots and a bag.
First, Puss put on the boots.
Then he went out and caught a rabbit in his bag.
Puss took the rabbit to the king.
"Here is a gift from my master," said Puss.
"Thank you Puss, and who is your master?" said the king.
"The Marquis of Carrabas," said Puss.
Soon after, Puss went out with the bag again.
This time he caught two partridges.
Puss took the partridges to the king.
"Here is a gift of two partridges from my master, the Marquis of Carrabas," said Puss.
"Thank you, Puss in Boots," said the king.
"I love to eat partridges."
Soon after, Puss and his master were by a river.
Puss saw the king's carriage coming along the road.
The king and the princess were in the carriage.
"Master," said Puss, "take off your clothes and jump into the river."
Then Puss ran to the carriage.
"Help me!" said Puss.
"My master is in the river, and his clothes have been taken."
"We must help the Marquis of Carrabas," said the king.
So the king's men helped the boy out of the river.
Then the king said, "We must take you home."
And he put the boy into his carriage.
Puss ran along the road.
He saw some men working.
"The king is coming," he said.
"Say that the Marquis of Carrabas is your master."
When the king saw the men he said, "Who do you work for?"
"We work for the Marquis of Carrabas," said the men.
When the king left, Puss said to the men, "Who lives in that castle?"
The men said, "Our master lives there. He is an ogre."
Puss ran to the castle and knocked on the door.
When the ogre came to the door, Puss said, "Can I come in?"
"Come in," said the ogre.
He wanted to eat Puss.
Puss said, "Can ogres do magic?"
"Just look!" said the ogre.
And he changed into a lion.
"Is that all the magic you can do?" said Puss.
"Change into a mouse."
So the ogre changed into a mouse.
Puss jumped on the mouse and ate it!
Just then, there was a knock on the door.
When Puss went to the door, he saw the king, the princess and his master.
"This is my master's castle," said Puss.
Soon, the princess and the boy fell in love.
They were married and lived at the castle.
So the boy, the princess, the king and Puss in Boots all lived happily ever after.